There's nowhere 10 run to.
The Blizzard Bunch from
the Hero Association has you surrounded!
Surrender quietly!
Going in for the kill!
Hold on—!
Dammit, who told you to do that, Lilly?
Never act on impulse.
We're the Blizzard "Bunch"
for a reason.
Miss Blizzard!
Good work, everyone.
Miss Blizzard is here!
All right, we're behind you 100%!
They're all so lost without me.
HELLSTORM
This is sure to get
the Blizzard Bunch's name out there.
THE SISTERS WITH
700 MUCH GOING ON
THE FOLLOWING DAY
What is this?
Not a single word about
the Blizzard Bunch!
Well, Miss Blizzard,
| think in our own way,
we did our duty...
That's true.
DEEP SEA KING VANQUISHED
The big news this time was about
DEEP SEA KING VANQUISHED how the lower-ranked
heroes ganged up to beat a monster
DEEP SEA KING VANQUISHED
that even Class S couldn't defeat.
Yeah, even Stinger only got
a passing mention.
Miss Blizzard, where are you going?
Oh, don't worry.
This is nothing new.
But...
| understand her frustration.
Her little sister got a big write up,
even though she didn't do anything.
You don't know then?
Miss Blizzard is actually
the younger sister.
It's not fair.
They didn't even mention us/
And she did absolutely nothing.
| believe that is...
Top-ranked Class B hero,
Hellish Blizzard.
Founder and leader of
the Blizzard Bunch.
A hero rumored to practice
'newbie crushing.”
But why is she...?
Allergies maybe?
Crabs.
Crabs for my master.
Isn't this guy from Class S?
Yes, it is me.
What, a bomb?!
Yes, we just got word
from Heavy Kong.
He apprehended a Class A criminal
called The Serial Bomber.
The miscreant said
he'd planted a bomb
on a train headed for City Z.
City Z?
Do you know the exact train?
The limited express, departed
at 2:22, bound for City Z.
He's tampered with the control panel
so that the bomb will go off
right in the terminal.
His plan is for a mass killing,
wiping out everything
around the station.
We have already issued an evacuation
order to the area residents,
but the most crucial part,
the bomb, is...
Hey, Genos?
Everyone, evacuate immediately!
There is a bomb on this train.
Please exit as quickly as you—
Dammit.
There is no place to escape to.
Hey, what do you mean, a bomb?
Hellish Blizzard,
if I remember correctly,
you are an Esper, correct?
What's going on?
Let me off now!
Do something! I don't wanna die!
Stop this train!
Everyone stay calm.
I'll move you all off safely,
one at a time.
You're amazing, Miss Blizzard!
Me take care
of the passengers?
Yes.
This express makes
no stops until the station.
Our priority Is rescuing
the passengers.
I will stop the ram.
What is it?
Cannot handle it without
your underlings?
No. I just don't appreciate
being ordered around.
What about the bomb?
No time to search for it.
Um...
I can look for it
I'm a hero foo...
though I'm just Class C.
Stop staring and find that bomb!
Yes, ma'am!
You're the last one.
That's odd...are we going faster?
What the hell's he doing?
| found it...
the bomb!
The bathroom showed as occupied,
but no one responded when I knocked,
so I broke in...
| know he froze the controls,
but it seems he removed
the limiter on the engine!
Approximately 40 seconds
to the terminal.
! must stop it before then!
What do we do?!
We're out of—!
Shut up!
Whining won't change anything!
Prepare yourself.
If I can just contain the bomb,
I can minimize the damage.
The explosion will cause
a rapid expansion of gas.
If I can suppress It...
But can / do that?
Am [ strong enough?
All right!
Outta the way.
The only thing I know that could
move a mass like that is...
My sister!
Man...
Why didn't you just get out of there?
None of your business, is it?
She did it...
again...
Excuse me!
Thank you so much for saving me!
It's nothing.
You were just in the way.
Um... You're Hellish Blizzard,
the top-ranked Class B hero, right?
Hmm?
So you know me.
Well, I'm a hero too, more or less.
Oh, right.
But I'm ranked at
the very bottom of Class C.
It's getting tough to fulfill
the weekly quotas of heroic acts,
so I'm thinking of quitting...
Today, I jumped on the train
to go look at the ocean,
just to take my mind off things.
But once again, I was useless.
| figured I'm not cut out
to be a hero, after all.
| see.
That's a wise decision.
But then I decided
I'd try being a hero
for just a little longer.
| won't whine anymore.
So, one day,
when I've moved up to Class B,
please let me join
the Blizzard Bunch!
Is that a no...?
Isn't that a question you should ask
after you make it to Class B?
I'm sorry, Blizzard.
"Miss" Blizzard.
That's what members of
the Blizzard Bunch call me.
You'd better start getting used to it.
Right!
Sister...
I won't give up either/
Doctor Kuseno...
Beyond power, speed, range—
Now there is another element I lack.
This is quite sudden.
What is it?
Supernatural powers.
My technology cannot
help you with that.
Must have been quite
a formidable opponent.
What happened?
| failed at shopping.
If only I possessed supernatural powers,
the crabs would not have exploded...
He must be tired.
He sure is taking his time...
(Ah, that's the way)
(Ah, let's go)
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
"I'm Tornado of Terror.
Without me, you're all lost.”
"I'm Blizzard of Hell...
you know who [ am, right?”
Sensuous in a black dress
with psychic powers
that shake heaven and earth
No need to sugarcoat it,
Time for you to disappear.
We may look very different
But we are sisters
(Ah, little, big, little, big)
Charisma, with a short fuse
One-Punch Folk Song
I can't stand guys
who are long-winded.
“Then you better show me
how tough you are."
"You call yourself a man? Pathetic!
You digust me. Leave!"
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
One attack, one kill, ONE PUNCH
One-Punch Folk Song
Dance! Sing! Fight!
One-Punch AH Folk Song